Replace with nested dict raises for overlapping keys (#27696)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.0.0.rst

Other
^^^^^
- Trying to set the ``display.precision``, ``display.max_rows`` or ``display.max_columns`` using :meth:`set_option` to anything but a ``None`` or a positive int will raise a ``ValueError`` (:issue:`23348`)

> - Keeping the consistency in :meth:`DataFrame.replace` behaviour between simple dictionary replacement and nested dictionary replacement (:issue:`27660`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using :meth:`DataFrame.replace` with overlapping keys in a nested dictionary will no longer raise, now matching the behavior of a flat dictionary (:issue:`27660`)
```

Author: thanks!
